2026-02-20 21:52

I wanted to have some perfect good thing to start my journaling even though I wanted to write lot of my frustrations here for a long time before. but time again I am writing this to vent mehhhhhhhh.


Initially there were lot of thoughts and meanings behind my tounsouring. you may be wondering why the fuck is he talking about his shaven head right now even though it is no or little connection to it to the challenge I had today.

I though shaving my head is like a reset point. Actually it still is. But after shaving it I started getting annoyed at lot of things people say ot do to me that feels like controlling me. I often don't get this much annoyed at anything but recently this is getting out of control.... I thought I would be at peace for sometime by resetting my hair. but it actually did the opposite but still I think of it as a lifelong journey of controlling or letting go of my intrusive hardcore impulsive thoughts. I am constantly annoyed at things like today.



My sister wanted to have some coconut drink. I actually wanted to go and buy it. my saran sis said drinking elaneer would make you nauseaus again if you drink it now. I was also aggreeing to it. but suddenly when siva mama interuppted and asked me to go and buy it. I completely lost my cool. eventhough he usually does this to everyone. I completely lost it. like I wanted to actually buy that stuff and I was genuinely concerned about the nauseating factor. but asking me to buy it in a different tone just doesn't felt right. he didn't actually used a different tone. he was gently said it but I am more annoyed by these kind of things now-a-days so I completely lost my cool.


while speaking to dad also i completely lost my cool when he mentioned if we can rent home this month - it would be cool or right time. I once again completely lost my cool. fucking lost it. I scolded him that he didn't let me finish or vent my anger that day while confronting the small guy of the room. Dad said that he would speak like softly to ease the tension of the room and that I should have overthrow what he said and should have forced or vented my anger..... FUCK IT MAN.


I am new to this game now. I am not so good at this fuckin' bamboo like flexible game playing field my dad used to say this. but fuck it.

I am gonna find my own path and I am gonna go through this shit and figure things out on the unkown.

not sure if venting does help or not but maybe some day I will read all this and laugh.... hoping my future self is wise enough to laugh at this...I guess.


one of the other things I noticed is my ego getting stronger by the day or getting increased as I grow.I don't know if this ego is good or bad....


it's not the typical ego attitude kind of thing but both that attitude kind of ego and also the ego that loves, cares, hates people. checkout the ego definition from ancient sanskrit verses....


